yeah what is up beauties what is up
youch my name of course is bernzy and
welcome to some throw back trolling a
look back at some good times we've had
here at trollarch if you gotta like in a
dance move slap him on this video and if
you haven't already head on over to my
channel kick that subscribe button in
the teeth and i'll see you guys later
goodbye what is going on guys my name is
minnesotaburns and as usual i thank you
so much for stopping by today i created
a character and the accent definitely
needs a little bit of work but this is
me Victor Turriff making a skype prank
call to what I thought was a collection
agency at first but it ended up being
something else and if you want to see
more of this please do let me know in
the comments or subscribe but anyways
here is Victor turoff in his first ever
Skype prank call and I know it needs
some work on the accent but I hope you
guys enjoy hi Mary my name is Victor
terrapin I I just get back from from
Russia vacation and I I got letter in
the mail from my my credit report it
says I have credit card debt in your
office and I don't think I ever take
credit card out oh yes it is it is tore
up I was spell it for you since it's
Russian and difficult to spell it it's t
as in Tom you ism no its you i don't
know word for you artisan Roger always
in orange and v as in Victor in my first
name is spelled with AK not AC I don't
know my last name it stood up its tears
and Tom you others in Roger or v as in
Victor it's a victor VI que tio artisan
Roger it spell with the k2 Russian name
ok thank you I don't know what happened
i do you think some cock suckers stole
my identity i will be so furious
okay I'll find out one mile all right
thank you so much ladies goddamn stupid
music all you have to suffer me to do
this cocksucking Lake Todd musical like
I figured out my god damn identity has
been stolen hello hello hello this is
victor i was just speaking with someone
about my credit card or some some shit
in your office that I never signed up
for a credit card in our office that you
never said that we don't give out credit
cards in our office whether you like
collection agency or something cuz I got
a letter in mail to call you about some
some account or something and I afraid
some some fucking asshole stole my
identity and I will cut his balls off if
I can't find them do could you help me
please I am like losing my mind ok
what's what's your last name it's tour
of its tears and Tom you are using Roger
always in orange envy is in victor
that's your first name or your last name
that's my last name the first name is
Victor with AK is a Russian name it's
hard to spell it VI kto art ok it on the
better doesn't have an account number
because I can't pull you up um the
reason I the letter went to my brother's
house he lives in LA he lives in Hawaii
i I just I used to live there with him
so I don't know if my my social got to
in the wrong hands or something but I
live in I live in North Carolina so he
called me tonight so he's at work and he
he told me I need to take care of it it
was like five thousand dollars or
something Oh letting me pull up by your
last name oh no he isn't Tom he was in
unicorn ours and ron OV yes isn't Victor
yes no you see we don't have you in our
system oh it's no good what what kind of
services do you guys like collection
agency or like what do you guys deal
with no art were just an answering
service we answer for various account
the people that we answer for we have a
system that we can pull up by last name
but it's not in the system so i wouldn't
know who to transfer you to i don't know
is this you know whether it's somebody
like collections
this is in your area so I know who I
need to call you don't know here let me
see you if someone if someone steals
your identity I mean who would you would
you call the credit bureaus or who would
you call yes I'm called a credit bureau
and let them knowing that they'll put an
alert okay do do you know the phone
number for them is or something I am not
at my computer right now I can look it
up I don't have their number I don't
contact them ok do what what is the what
is the D crimer like what is the jail
sentence for someone who does something
like this I am like going crazy over
here I just got back from Russia to find
out this is nonsense I have no idea no
idea and soviet russia they will kill
you in front of your family of you steal
someone's identity it's no fun high five
if i find this asshole i will take him
to russia and you'll see you will see
our s see if he likes that very much is
this is ridiculous I $5,000 it's
bullshit would what uh what are the
names of the credit bureau so they're
easier to look up i am not familiar
hands union ok ok i just i only can
recall TransUnion and Equifax right now
ok well those two will probably be able
to find it I mean they all probably work
together in everything yeah alright if
you see this guy on the news and he's
dead don't tell anybody that I killed
him ok ok what was it go name sweetheart
Lisa Lisa you have been such a
sweetheart thank you so much for helping
me you should give yourself a pat on
that back ok ok you have a wonderful
night you too bye bye yes
you